all right well we're today we're going
to field-test Fisher's new f70 metal
detector I'm bill lad this is my
neighbor Alex and he lives in a really
old home I used to be a bundle yeah it's
now it was it was a button mill at one
time now it's apartments and my uncle
yep home by his family and we're going
to check out the lawn today with a new
f70 and see if we can find some coins
and maybe even some old buttons all
right let's do let's do
alright that sounds really good Alex
we've got a nice signal along the stone
wall here nice high tone bouncing around
in the coin range hey uh what we do yeah
good idea alright I'm going to try to
pinpoint this one
five inches right there jealous okay yep
we've got the sweet where's got kids we
dug um five and she's into the ground
and we have pretty good signal like I
said this might be a button or maybe a
coin of some kind let's say what would
it say remember the tip I showed you
let's get a handful whoa you got in my
hand what do you got there oh it's
button is it it is a button mill right
yeah maybe this could be an old button
let's see if there's more stuff in it
that's really old that's a nice relic
let's see if there's more stuff in this
yeah it did sound like you there was
something else in the hole so let's
check
I got a good signal here nice height on
bouncing between dime and quarter
pinpoint it
hey
nice audio in
when inches another five inch
check it out all right we've got the
plug out let's let me check this in the
plug let's see what it is Alex we can do
it this way
well I think I found something no that's
just a rock non magnetic rock either
lets you forget your solar array yeah
all right just take the plug like this
until you see something might be just a
coin trick a pitch in there oh we got
something look at that silver it is a
what kind of coin go hard i'm it's it's
not even a dime it's not it's not from
this time most of the Mercury died well
can't oh my god silver Mercury dime
that's at life mr. Ladd that's that's
cool all right never expected to find
something like I told you they were in
your yard this is an 1800s mill so
there's probably a lot more of this kind
of stuff what's the date on it it's 19
20 something well that's older than my
dad so you got 60 show 1924 awesome a
silver Mercury dime see that oh my god
that's like so old and rare to find in
my yard I didn't I told you there was
old coins here pretty cool huh yeah okay
let's put all this stuff back before my
mom comes outside
and I wanted to show the camera a nice
solid signal here that's jumping around
here that high tone pretty much sticking
on dying so that either a copper penny
or a clad dine probably hopefully in a
time bring some more dirt up hey look
it's right on the shovel see that the
coin no it's some kind of ring oh my god
I'm so fashionable now it's an old brass
ring that's probably from the mill
though or a part of a button does this
was a button mill so that's cool all
right alex has been very patient and
with metal detector with the new F 70s
get a three nice finds already bill
found one in the middle the penny yeah
and you you found that you pinpointed
that mercury dime i'll buy yourself a
button because you male detected I dug
little yep we're doing that's ok we're
doing a little bit of sharing and
swapping off you can keep all the fines
cuz this your yard oh we have we're
gonna do one more time I think yeah
we'll keep our searching cuz we're in a
good part of your yard I think
everything we found is old so let's keep
hunting also we found this little brass
ring oh yeah stylish
you